c:\users\dean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orbis\Orbis\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Fonts\calibri 20.xnb
c:\users\dean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orbis\Orbis\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Fonts\calibri 30.xnb
c:\users\dean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orbis\Orbis\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Fonts\calibri 50.xnb
c:\users\dean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orbis\Orbis\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Fonts\Consolas.xnb
c:\users\dean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orbis\Orbis\bin\Windows\Debug\Orbis.exe
c:\users\dean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orbis\Orbis\bin\Windows\Debug\Orbis.pdb
c:\users\dean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orbis\Orbis\bin\Windows\Debug\ColorMine.dll
c:\users\dean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orbis\Orbis\bin\Windows\Debug\CsVorbis.dll
c:\users\dean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orbis\Orbis\bin\Windows\Debug\Lidgren.Network.dll
c:\users\dean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orbis\Orbis\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\dean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orbis\Orbis\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpXNA.dll
c:\users\dean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orbis\Orbis\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\dean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orbis\Orbis\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\dean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orbis\Orbis\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\dean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orbis\Orbis\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\dean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orbis\Orbis\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\dean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orbis\Orbis\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\dean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orbis\Orbis\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\dean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orbis\Orbis\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
c:\users\dean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orbis\Orbis\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\dean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orbis\Orbis\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
c:\users\dean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orbis\Orbis\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\dean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orbis\Orbis\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\dean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orbis\Orbis\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\dean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orbis\Orbis\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\dean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orbis\Orbis\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\dean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orbis\Orbis\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\dean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orbis\Orbis\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\dean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orbis\Orbis\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
c:\users\dean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orbis\Orbis\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\users\dean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orbis\Orbis\obj\x86\Debug\Orbis.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\dean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orbis\Orbis\obj\x86\Debug\Orbis.exe
c:\users\dean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orbis\Orbis\obj\x86\Debug\Orbis.pdb
C:\Users\Dean\Documents\GitHub\Orbis\Orbis\obj\x86\Debug\Orbis.exe
C:\Users\Dean\Documents\GitHub\Orbis\Orbis\obj\x86\Debug\Orbis.pdb
C:\Users\Dean\Documents\GitHub\Orbis\Orbis\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Fonts\calibri 20.xnb
C:\Users\Dean\Documents\GitHub\Orbis\Orbis\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Fonts\calibri 30.xnb
C:\Users\Dean\Documents\GitHub\Orbis\Orbis\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Fonts\calibri 50.xnb
C:\Users\Dean\Documents\GitHub\Orbis\Orbis\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Fonts\Consolas.xnb
C:\Users\Dean\Documents\GitHub\Orbis\Orbis\bin\Windows\Debug\Orbis.exe
C:\Users\Dean\Documents\GitHub\Orbis\Orbis\bin\Windows\Debug\Orbis.pdb
C:\Users\Dean\Documents\GitHub\Orbis\Orbis\bin\Windows\Debug\ColorMine.dll
C:\Users\Dean\Documents\GitHub\Orbis\Orbis\bin\Windows\Debug\CsVorbis.dll
C:\Users\Dean\Documents\GitHub\Orbis\Orbis\bin\Windows\Debug\Lidgren.Network.dll
C:\Users\Dean\Documents\GitHub\Orbis\Orbis\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
C:\Users\Dean\Documents\GitHub\Orbis\Orbis\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpXNA.dll
C:\Users\Dean\Documents\GitHub\Orbis\Orbis\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
C:\Users\Dean\Documents\GitHub\Orbis\Orbis\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.dll
C:\Users\Dean\Documents\GitHub\Orbis\Orbis\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
C:\Users\Dean\Documents\GitHub\Orbis\Orbis\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
C:\Users\Dean\Documents\GitHub\Orbis\Orbis\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
C:\Users\Dean\Documents\GitHub\Orbis\Orbis\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
C:\Users\Dean\Documents\GitHub\Orbis\Orbis\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
C:\Users\Dean\Documents\GitHub\Orbis\Orbis\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
C:\Users\Dean\Documents\GitHub\Orbis\Orbis\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
C:\Users\Dean\Documents\GitHub\Orbis\Orbis\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
C:\Users\Dean\Documents\GitHub\Orbis\Orbis\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
C:\Users\Dean\Documents\GitHub\Orbis\Orbis\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.xml
C:\Users\Dean\Documents\GitHub\Orbis\Orbis\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
C:\Users\Dean\Documents\GitHub\Orbis\Orbis\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
C:\Users\Dean\Documents\GitHub\Orbis\Orbis\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
C:\Users\Dean\Documents\GitHub\Orbis\Orbis\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
C:\Users\Dean\Documents\GitHub\Orbis\Orbis\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
C:\Users\Dean\Documents\GitHub\Orbis\Orbis\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
C:\Users\Dean\Documents\GitHub\Orbis\Orbis\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
C:\Users\Dean\Documents\GitHub\Orbis\Orbis\obj\x86\Debug\Orbis.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
